Add upgrading steps (#13)
RockefellerArchiveCenter/archivematica-local: administration.md

### Restart MCP Services

To restart Archivematica, enter the following (order sensitive) from a shell window logged into the Archivematica server:
<div class="docs-example code codeblock">sudo service gearman-job-server restart
sudo service archivematica-mcp-server restart
sudo service archivematica-mcp-client restart
sudo service archivematica-dashboard restart
</div>

### Troubleshooting ArchivesSpace DIP Upload

> As root, navigate to `/var/log/archivematica/MCPClient/`. To find the relevant line(s) in `MCPClient.debug.log`, type `grep "upload-archivesspace" MCPClient.debug.log`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As root user, navigate to `/var/log/archivematica/MCPClient/`. To find the relevant line(s) in `MCPClient.debug.log`, search for the microservice name by typing `grep "upload-archivesspace" MCPClient.debug.log`.
```
